Designed and implemented AWS cloud solutions for clients.

Managed Oracle DB Instances, ensuring high availability and performance.

Collaborated with development teams to integrate Oracle databases with AWS services.

Optimized database performance and conducted regular maintenance.

Developed backup and recovery stategies.

Supported migration projects from on-premise to cloud infrastructure.

Database Migration: Led the migration of on-premise oracle database to AWS RDS for oracle and Aurora Postgresql, improving scalability.
Implemented Migration strategies and improvements to enhance query performance.

Configured oracle data guard and AWS Multi-AZ deployments to ensure database resilience.

Designed automated backup solutions using AWS backup and Oracle RMAN.

Applied best practices for database encryption and access controls using AWS KMS and IAM.

Setup monitoring using cloudwatch and oracle enterprise manager to proactively address performance issues.

Analyzed ussage patterns and implemented cost saving measures such as reserved instances and storeage tiering 

Developed comprehensive DR plans leveraging cross region replication.


Ist Successful completion of complex DB migration from IBM PowerBox to Oracle SuperCluster for NMB Bank Plc (Tanzania) which first implemented
succcessfuly across the globe.

Database Migration: Led the migration of on-premise oracle database to AWS RDS for oracle and Aurora Postgresql, improving scalability.
Implemented Migration strategies depends on the project requirements and improvements to enhance query performance.

Received "The IBM Outstanding Contributor Award" from IBM for outstanding performance and lasting contribution in Philip Morries Project. 

Received Certificate of Achievement from Zenith Infotech Ltd., for continued excellence in quality, commitment, dedication and focus on BANC724-HO Application Support.

Recognition letters from Project Manager (Global Research) DBA Manager & Principal Technologist for the efforts in making the DBA remote support model a successful one (From
Zenith Software).


Expertise in Transition Management and Team Management to fulfil the gaps between operations and client to ensure smooth functioning 
of DBMS operations. Handled Philipmorries and Centrica Plc Projects since from due-delegence to Go-Live stage.

Partner with architects of different other engineering / application teams to engineer complex technical product in order to 
provide palpable business solutions to various business divisions as a part of DBA Engineering project activities.


Controlfile re-creation



DB Patching Automation;
DB backup remidiation;


RMAN backup implementation for 9i and above 10g.
DB Capacity proacctive Management

Service catalog workwise
DB security implementation via TDE

